ST. KANAKADASA EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS 
ST.KANAKADASA MATRIC HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL Ammeri I Bargur I Patchur 
ST.KANAKADASA MATRIC HR.SEC SCHOOL 
RABBARAONGA 
CONTACT: 94891 10668 
Address:  
Kanakadasa Avenue, Ammeri, Bargur - 635104 
Mob: 94891 10668194891 10669 
Email: kanakadasaschool@gmail.com, www.kanakadasaschool.in 
*-Saint Vivekananda* 
We want that education by which character is formed, strength of mind is increased, the intellect is expanded, and by which one can stand on one's own feet. 
தொட்டனைத் தூறும் மணற்கேணி மாந்தர்க்குக் கற்றனைத் தூறும் அறிவு. 
குறள் 396 
*- Correspondent* 
Education never ends, because learning is a life game. 
MANAGEMENT TEAM: 
Correspondent  
Mr. Elampuranam 
Lady Correspondent  
Mrs. Vasanthi Elampuranam 
Director 
Mrs. Elakkiya Elampuranam B.Tech., MBA(IIT MADRAS) 
Principal 
Mr. Aniesh 
WHY CHOOSE US? 
Integrated NEET/JEE Coaching 
Real-world case study-based approach 
Exposure to future-ready skills 
Future With Us 
Career-oriented education 
MESSAGE FROM THE CORRESPONDENT 
We are a 20-year-old institution located in Ammeri with an endearing campus and pleasant aura. We are replica Rolex day-date endowed with highly qualified teachers, extraordinary classrooms and different learning experience combined with digital resources. The look and feel for our institution will surely be a distinguishable one. 
We assure you that your  child will get excellent education combined with good leadership qualities and spiritual discipline as we have always aided ourselves with cutting edge and up-to-date curriculum. We really value your patronage and are aware of your expectations. We strive hard to work on our promises and satisfy your concerns. The cordial relationship between parents and buy Rolex submariner replica management has always been an anchor for our future progress. 
DIRECTOR'S MESSAGE 
Dear Parents and Students, 
Warm greetings to each one of you. 
The academic year 2025-26 has been a year of meaningful progress and achieve-ments, reflecting the excellence of our stu dents and the dedication of our teachers. As we step into the new academic year 2026-27, we look forward to building on this journey of growth and success. 
At our institution, we continuously strive to nurture curiosity, creativity, and independent thinking among our students. 
In this era of digital advancement, our focus is not only to equip them with academic knowledge but also to prepare them to face real-world challenges with confidence and resilience. 
As Martin Luther King Jr. rightly said, "Intelligence plus character is the goal of true education." 
We believe in shaping not only successful professionals but also individuals with strong values. We aim to develop future citizens who are tolerant, kind, adaptable, and re-sponsible. Such a spirit of fraternity can build a peace loving world. As the quote goes, "Every citizen adds to the strength of the nation." Our vision is to build a progressive and harmonious nation. 
We are proud of our great team of qualified, committed, and dedicated teachers who strive tirelessly for the well-being of every student. 
We sincerely thank our parents for their trust, support, and encouragement, and would also like to re-emphasize that your dreams for your child are our mission and passion. 
May the Almighty bless us all in our journey ahead With Warm Regards and guide our path. 
With Warm Regards 
Mrs. Elakkiya Elampuranam B.Tech., MBA(IIT MADRAS) 
Director 
SCHOOL TIMINGS 
Monday to Friday : 8.45 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. for Classes LKG to UKG 
Monday to Saturday: 8.45 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. for Classes I to XII 
SCHOOL OFFICE HOURS 
Monday to Saturday: 8.45 a.m. to 4.30 p.m. 
MEETING THE CORRESPONDENT 
With Prior Appointment Only 
Monday to Friday: 10.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. 
MEETING THE PRINCIPAL 
Monday to Saturday: 4.00 p.m. to 5.00 p.m. 
MEETING THE TEACHER 
Every Saturday 2.00 p.m. to 3.00 p.m. 

 

 

OUR MISSION AND VISION 
OUR VISION 
Our vision in education is to prove that every child has inherent potential to turn into a most successful one thus by possessing the skills of leadership and creativity. 
OUR MISSION 
A 4C based learning curriculum that inculcates and imbibes Creativity - Critical Thinking - 
Collaboration - Communication in the minds of the students. 
OUR VALUES 
To instill moral value in the behaviour of the students. 
To influence their thought process to a creative mode. 
To assure them a safe and calm environment. 
To ignite their minds and energize them for a prosperous future. 
AMENITIES 
TRANSPORT 
The School provides umpteen buses to commute everyday. Strong transportation has been built around the villages of Barugur. 
COUNSELLING 
Regular sessions are conducted for parents to discuss about their child. The child's strengths and weaknesses are discussed for a better outcome. 
LIBRARY 
The school provides both digital and printed copies of various interesting books. There are encyclopedias, picture books, dictionaries and activity books for students at each level. 
LABORATORIES 
Our labs are equipped with enough apparatus for physics, chemistry, computer and biology. The students would get first hand knowledge through practical sessions. 
DIGITAL CLASSROOMS 
Smart Interactive boards has been implemented for each classroom. Each student gets hands-on approach by learning through smart board. 
AURA 
Interesting peers combined with Intellectual faculty makes a perfect aura 
QUALITATIVE ATTRIBUTES: 
Child's Interest In Creativity (Ciic) 
This program in our school has been designed to understand the inborn qualities of the child. This includes drawing, painting, origami, handwriting and speech. We encourage the students to flourish in their interests at the some time to be in pace with academics. 
Appeal Committee 
If the parents or students are not satisfied with the academic activities, evaluation of exam papers, student's capabilitand their daily activities you con directly approach appeal committee where the school Director is the chairman. Prompt and strict actions are guaranteed. 
Internal Assessment (Ia) 
IA can indicate the teacher and student relationship and the student's learning level. It not only helps them in getting marks but makes them regular and meticulous in their academics. It is based on the processes of reliability, validity and objectivity. It brings closer integration in the classroom. 
Entrance Exams 
Regular academic activities also includes out of the box knowledge and creativity. We motivate the students to think and apply to solve the problems. This approach is better for them to gear up for their entrance exams. Individual exams are conducted every Saturday in all the subjects 


GUIDELINES TO PARENTS 

➤ Students are expected to attend the class regularly without fail. 

➤ Students are required to be punctual and should make themselves available ten minutes prior to the school time. 

➤ Intimation of leave by the parent is necessary. 

➤ Sit with your child every day and follow their routine and home works. 

➤ Usage of cell phones, electronic items, money and jewels are discouraged in our school premises. 

➤ Individual communication or gifts to the teachers is strictly prohibited. 

➤ Parents should attend every interaction meet without fail. 

➤ Private tuitions are discouraged. 

➤Students should not leave the school during middle hours. 

➤ Half - day leave is not allowed. 

➤ Parents must provide school with correct mobile numbers and also inform about the changes if any. 

➤ Only parents are allowed to accompany the child during school events. 

➤ Parents are not advised to send any fees through your child. 

➤ Please ensure balanced diet to your child. 

➤ Parents are not allowed to shout at any school staff. 

 

DISCIPLINE CODE OF CONDUCT 

➤Students are advised to come to school in clean and neat uniform. 

➤ Students are subjected to maintain discipline inside the campus and in the class. 

➤ Student ID Card is compulsory in school campus. 

➤Good behaviour and discipline is to be followed in the school. 

➤ Hair must be neat, clean, conservative and of one natural colour. 

➤ Students are expected to keep their surroundings clean. 

➤ Students are supposed to speak English in the campus. 

➤ Students should attend all the evaluations without fail. 

➤ Students should not indulge in any physical violence with their fellow students. 

➤Students are not allowed to damage the school property. 

➤ Students should not be absent for classes without prior permission from the teacher. 

➤ Students should maintain silence in the school corridor and follow the queue. 

 

HOMEWORK 

The school management provides free and compulsory coaching classes from 3.30 P.M. to 4.30 Ρ.Μ. We guide in homework during coaching classes. The same must be repeated by the pupil again at home as Homework. This is to make them understand and write the homework. 
EXAMINATIONS 

CBSE 
First Mid Term 
Quarterly Examination 
Second Mid Term 
Half yearly Examination 
Third Mid Term 
Annual Examination 
Grading will be done according to the school standards as prescribed by the Government. 
Assessments are conducted periodically to understand the student's performance. 
Oral tests are given more priority to improve their speaking and listening skills. 
Apart from that, we do conduct slip tests, weekly tests and monthly tests on a regular basis. 
SALIENT FEATURES 
Lush Green environment. 
INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION TOWARDS EACH CHILD 
Co-Curricular Activities. 
Spacious Huge class rooms with sufficient sunlight and excellent ventilation for ideal atmosphere to study. 
Well equipped with modern teaching facilities. 
Computer Lab, Library, Science lab, Maths lab, Music room, Dance room, Work Education room. 
Smart Interactive Class Rooms. 
Developing of physically and mentally strong child. 
All round development of the child 
Field Trips. 
Promote healthy eating habits. 
Curriculum includes Yoga, Karate, Volley Ball , Basket Ball , Badminton , Cricket , Cooking cycling Table tennis, carom, chess, etc 
Music: – keyboard. 
All Dance Forms. 
Drama Classes. 
Drawing and craft. 
Encouragement to appear for competitive exams. 
Existence of Heritage, Wellness, Science, Art and craft club, Dance and music club, Sports club, Nature club, Literature and Maths Clubs. 

 

TEACHERS 
Highly qualified, dedicated teachers are drawn from several cultures area part of our faculty. The management is keen on conducting academic conference and brainstorming sessions to develop the faculty in various areas, thereby the members of our faculty can accept any challenge that is likely to arrive any time. 
FACILITIES 
Library 
Smart Classes 
Dance & Music room 
Sports Activities 
Transportation 
Medical room 
Physics Lab 
Chemistry lab 
Biology lab 
Maths Lab 
Computer Sxcience Lab 

 

 

 

ADMISSION 
Students seeking for admission for LKG should complete 3 years as on 1st April of the academic year.. 
Please fill in the particulars and other details in the admission form clearly & legibly. 
All applications must be accompanied by Application processing fee of which is non- refundable in case the student fails to join the school for any reason whatsoever 
Please submit the following documents. 
Admission form 
Xerox Copy of birth Certificate 
1 photograph of the child 
Xerox Copy of Aadhar Card 
Xerox Copy of Community Certificate 

 

 

Groups Offered CLASS 11 
Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Computer science, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics Commerce, Economics, Accountancy, Computer Applications 

 

9489110668 

9626839420 

 

Excellence in Education 

 

St.Kanakadasa Educational Institutions have a strong academic excellence with more than 3 decades of experience 

 

Leading Faculties 

 

Best Subject Experts with Futuristic Smart classrooms and Sophisticated labs. 

 

Focus on Fundamentals 

 

In-depth concentration on core competency skills 

 

Our Touch Points 

 

Sia 

 

Yoga Martial Arts Field Trips | Sports 

 

Music & Dance Art & Craft Extempore 

 

Spell Bee 4C Projects Language Lab Learn'n' Play Sessions 

 

 

 

 

ST.KANAKADASA MATRIC HR.SEC SCHOOL 

 

RABBARAONGA 

 

CONTACT: 94891 10668 

 

ST.KANAKADASA SENICIR SECONDARY PUBLIC SCHOOL EBSE 

 

KANAKADAGA KUN 

 

CONTACT: 9597345893 

 

OPEN 

 

PRE.KG to CLASS12 

 

APPLICATIONS WILL BE ISSUED FROM 2nd MARCH ONWARDS 

 

ST. KANAKADASA NURSERY & PRIMARY SCHOOL 

 

TEL HOH SCHOOL ROAD, BARGUR-55 104 CONTACT: 94891 10669 

 

No comm 

 

Be the first t 

 

How did Sobar 

 

ST.KANAKADASA MATRICULATION SCHOOL 

 

CONTACT: 72004 20805 